✨ update: add summary for catchup #249 (#294)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/249/content.adoc

* Rishit shared several updates, from his NVIDIA highlight to issues companies face in the context of research ethics
    ** His AI project was featured in NVIDIA’s keynote conference  
        *** link:https://youtu.be/rFcmv2pXR0w?t=2827[NVIDIA Keynote Video^]  
    ** Shared a video explaining Level 4 vs Level 7 load balancing  
        *** link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKMLgFVxZYk[Youtube Video^]  
    ** Spoke about an intern at Bytedance who won a top award but was later sacked for malpractice  
        *** link:https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c7v62gg49zro[BBC News Article^]  
        *** link:https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=41900402[Hacker News^]  
        *** link:https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/1hctf36/d_the_winner_of_the_neurips_2024_best_paper_award[Reddit Thread^]
* Chetan Jangir presented his ML project that predicts optimal compiler parameters for GCC
    ** link:https://github.com/ChetanFTW/ML-FlagOptNet[GitHub Project^]
* Jaden mentioned that he’s working on maritime cybersecurity
    ** link:https://www.maritime-cybersecurity.com[Intro to Marine Cybersecurity^]

> * Alpesh shared multiple updates ranging from serious security vulnerabilities to learning about different Microsoft technologies
>     ** He is actively learning about Active Directory in Azure
>         *** link:https://www.microsoft.com/en-in/security/business/identity-access/microsoft-entra-id[Microsoft Entra ID - Introduction^]  
>         *** link:https://redteamleaders.coursestack.com/courses/998adff7-947b-479f-a375-40d9e86ff66e[Free Course on Active Directory^]  
>     ** He discovered that Windows NTLM is still used to store passwords in modern versions of Windows  
>         *** link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/security/kerberos/ntlm-overview[Microsoft Docs ON NTLM^]  
>     ** He spoke about a loophole in GPL licenses which allows closed-source usage of open source code licensed with GPL
>         *** link:https://www.revenera.com/blog/software-composition-analysis/understanding-the-saas-loophole-in-gpl[Blog Article^]  
>     ** He highlighted a serious Next.js vulnerability where adding a header could bypass authorization  
>         *** link:https://projectdiscovery.io/blog/nextjs-middleware-authorization-bypass[Project Discovery Blog^]  
>     ** He mentioned about Nuclei - a security tool  
>         *** link:https://docs.projectdiscovery.io/tools/nuclei/overview[Nuclei Documentation^]  
>     ** Also shared about the parent project of Nuclei - ProjectDiscovery  
>         *** link:https://github.com/projectdiscovery[ProjectDiscovery - GitHub^]
> * Jaden and Rishit had a discussion on whether transformer models could simulate AGI in the future
>     ** link:https://nikitanikolen.medium.com/the-transformer-agi-illusion-from-big-claims-to-real-limitations-36d575ab6905[Medium Article^]
> * Mohammed Kaif shared about a project he’s privately developing around music generation
>     ** link:https://ace-step.github.io[Reference Paper^]  
>     ** link:https://modal.com[Modal Platform^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Alpesh shared multiple updates ranging from serious security vulnerabilities to learning about different Microsoft technologies
    ** He is actively learning about Active Directory in Azure
        *** link:https://www.microsoft.com/en-in/security/business/identity-access/microsoft-entra-id[Microsoft Entra ID^]  
        *** link:https://redteamleaders.coursestack.com/courses/998adff7-947b-479f-a375-40d9e86ff66e[Purple Team - Active Directory and AzureAD v1 - Free Course^]  
    ** He discovered that Windows NTLM is still used to store passwords in modern versions of Windows  
        *** link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/security/kerberos/ntlm-overview[NTLM overview^]  
    ** He spoke about a loophole in GPL licenses which allows closed-source usage of open source code licensed with GPL
        *** link:https://www.revenera.com/blog/software-composition-analysis/understanding-the-saas-loophole-in-gpl[Understanding the SaaS Loophole in GPL^]  
    ** He highlighted a serious Next.js vulnerability where adding a header could bypass authorization  
        *** link:https://projectdiscovery.io/blog/nextjs-middleware-authorization-bypass[CVE-2025-29927: Next.js Middleware Authorization Bypass - Technical Analysis^]  
    ** He mentioned Nuclei - a security tool and its parent project ProjectDiscovery  
        *** link:https://docs.projectdiscovery.io/tools/nuclei/overview[Nuclei^]  
        *** link:https://github.com/projectdiscovery[ProjectDiscovery - GitHub^]
* Jaden and Rishit had a discussion on whether transformer models could simulate AGI in the future
    ** link:https://nikitanikolen.medium.com/the-transformer-agi-illusion-from-big-claims-to-real-limitations-36d575ab6905[The “Transformer AGI” Illusion: From Big Claims to Real Limitations - Article^]
* Mohammed Kaif shared about a project he’s privately developing around music generation
    ** link:https://ace-step.github.io[ACE-Step: A Step Towards Music Generation Foundation Model - Reference Paper^]  
    ** link:https://modal.com[Modal^]
```

    ** Shared about Unkey, a developer platform for modern APIs
        *** link:https://unkey.dev[Unkey Platform^]
        *** link:https://github.com/unkeyed/unkey[Unkey GitHub^]  
    ** Mentioned the use of older open-sourced versions of ScyllaDB as an alternative to the newer closed source version 
        *** link:https://www.scylladb.com[ScyllaDB Official Site^]
* Mohit shared about a project he’s working on that is focused on building an explainability toolkit in AI
    ** link:https://github.com/Trusted-AI/AIX360[Trusted AI - AIX360 Project^]  
    ** link:https://github.com/Trusted-AI/AIX360/blob/master/aix360/algorithms/README.md[Taxonomy Tree^]  
    ** link:https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.03012[Research Paper^]
* Harsh Kapadia shared resources about provisioning and cluster management tools
    ** link:https://github.com/canonical/packer-maas[GitHub - Packer MAAS^]  
    ** link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHm6FEb2Re4[DuckDB in 100 Seconds^]  
    ** link:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Spectrum_LSF[Wikipedia - IBM Spectrum LSF^]  
    ** link:https://developer.hashicorp.com/nomad[Nomad^]

> * Other interesting links were shared during the meet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Additional resources and links
```
